yes
and
or we wake her up welcome to 'inazuma
eleven ' of light something had already happened
unbelievable and is that for you I was interned
distributed some of the passwords
let's hope they distribute more for the
game that you have to do to
insert it sounds very simple in the
main menu where we are going to
Additional features
editing is your departure and
passwords here enter the
Password, I will leave the password in
the description of the video so that it does not
have no problem and what players
we will find good once
you have saved enter our game
normal with continue and let's see what
players touch me they have
delighted are former players of
inazuma japan good now we are in the
basement of the royal in the barracks of the
resistance so we talk about this already
you know that always by fitch to trump and
let's see what players we
we find
good here you have your heart in its stage
youth not now as a coach as
You see, we need little things to
get it and friendship points so
we only need 4,550 not as many as
with marc that carry if axl blaze here
you have to fight cale festoon goal too
we need little things to get before
4,550 points
and you can do with khaled also in
your stage I already told you about inazuma japan
where are the other three characters what
more complicated and I tell you is to find
where are the characters so now
we go to school in the network
direct raymond institute that we 're leaving
to the booth
and here we have other people on file
throne let's see what other players
they have not touched so here you have nathan
suite that also costs only 3 thousand 240
Friendship points here the requirements
what do you need to do to him?
perfect walsh ay jack walsh there are 3 thousand
240 points of friendship little thing
also here you have
to see and then the one that we need
these are the ones that were already
and here is shaun frost that now
is not as a coach but as
member of inazuma japan the requirements
what do you need this cost 4,500 50
points and you can do with sand flows
What a cool mola is a lifetime
that nothing spartans already you see is very
facilitated as I have told you I will put the
passwords of the players in the
description of the video so that
you have no problem so already
You know what we see with the networks
social that are twitter bars for 3ds
facebook bars for 3ds instagram
bars for 3ds are here in the channel
of youtube from spa team and see you as
always on the 3ds.com spar forums
bye bye